She's just too damn needy. Plus this Global Village thing creates images for me of a global and feudal elite, living on hill tops and islands, while controlling hordes of dumbed down, cattle like masses doing labor intensive work while living short and brutal lives in a smiling and drug induced stupor.
HELL NO!!!!!
Not "no" but HELL NO! She's proven herself to be a liar. Just like Bill. Disgraceful.
Ya, it's like one could want to pass Glass-Steagall, which is a bill in both the House and Senate, and would take power back from the globalist "elite" speculators. Then we could go with a Hamiltonian credit system which could be targeted to large infrastructure projects and the high tech manufacturing needed to build these things, and which would put people back to work in good jobs that pay. But people seem to be concerned about other more primary instinctual issues.
Billary? President? Let me think about that for a moment..........NO.
HELL YES!! Men have proven to be lousy leaders. It high time for a woman to lead this country. Hillary has a great head, ON HER SHOULDERS, WITH A BRAIN, that she uses to think with. Men seem to be horrified with the notion!
No.
She can't satisfy or manage her husband, what makes you think she is capable of managing America? Name one thing she has accomplished to qualify her to be president. "What does it matter" is her malevolent mantra which showed how shallow a thinker she is. She may have a brain, even superior to obama's, but her actions have shown it doesn't have the IQ required to be president. Bless her little heart.
Hillary in the White House would be the final nail in the coffin of America
No men, at least this one, have no problem with a female president. Wile I don't care for your idiotic gender rage, I tend to agree with you that a woman could make a great leader.........just not THAT woman. Hillery Clinton should be kept as far from the White House as possible. She had her chance with her Bill puppet and made a complete mess of things, turned the country into a laughing stock. Now if someone like Elizabeth Dole were to run for the office I'd vote for her in a heartbeat. It's not Ms. Clinton's gender than makes her the last person in the world I'd ever vote for but rather her liberal/socialist political philosophy. She's not intelligent so much as insidious.
Yes, of course I would.
No she's for this Obamacare stuff! I'm voting against it!
NO! Notice how Hillary has been laying low on Obama Care which she tried pushing in the 90s. Bill is doing the PR for this, not Hillary. There's a reason, especially now-she hits the PR trail on a messy and probably doomed to fail her presidential ambitions are done period. There ify now but if she actively pushed the ACA-the end.
Hillary is too old and feeble to be President.
No I wouldn't vote for Hillary. After enduring eight years of the colored boy with the jug ears and skinny neck it is time to go back to a white MAN.
While I wouldn't vote for hillary I would vote for a REAL Democrat!! I am tired of center right fruit loops!!
No, she and her husband tried to take our guns in 1993 and 94. What has changed about her and her intentions?
If you truly care about America, you would hope she no longer holds any government position again.
Absolutely not. She would be no better than the moron we have now.
NO!
She has already showed what she is in her last job. She wasn't good at it, and showed she could LIE as good as Obama, I don't want here near our White House AGAIN!!!  May the Good Lord sent us a president who can put this country back to when WE WERE OUR BEST!That would mean "the people" were ready to change and start loving this country more than politics and what they could get for FREE. Hillary is the very LAST thing we as a country and people need. "What does it matter now, they are DEAD"!! Let us never forget these words when you think of her setting in our HOUSE....YOU means nothing to her, either. No, No hell NO!
No, I don't think so even besides the fact, that she is very intelligent woman and politician!
Benghazi, Hillary Health, "PROfessional" politician, approved Patroit Act and stood by as stop and frisk ruled the day in NY in her home state. Nah, not voting for Hillary
this is where I live, don't care for this president but still my country .... Obama has less experience than any other president except Washington ... than again Washington didn't have these problems... Leno and the Media elected this man as a fashion statement..1st Afro/Amer to become a black president after he was elected....Hilliary would be better than the present seated
Don't believe these veterans who fought for our country would support Hillary. The Veterans who have marched on DC have removed barricades from war memorials and are taking them to the the WH. These people really know how to do more than just march against obama's obstructions.
Of course I would vote for Hillary.
I do agree that its high time for a woman president, but definitely NOT her!! One word - Benghazi. If that is any indication of how she will run the country, then F*@#K NO to Hillary Clinton!
Helllll no!!!! Hillary would be twice as terrible as obama. All the us government is trying to do is push the American people down to usher in the new world order. The government will push us down till we can't fight the nwo. Then we will all be slaves. What's with the UN confiscating weapons? Seems like its starting.
Hillary for president? But we already have a dictator. Why switch up?
I would vote for anyone who loves God
no
Obama beat Hillary in the primaries by playing the race card. Do you really want someone who could be so easily beaten down with such a lame weapon? Seriously, Hillary? A racist?
Only if the other candidate is completely unacceptable for some reason but I hope she doesn't run.
No way !
No! then again ,both candidates are handpicked by the real powers so the people can have the illusion of choice
I wouldn't even vote for Hillary to be a gun range back stop.
No, no, no, a thousand times no! I will NEVER vote for that arrogant piece of trash for any office. Nothing could make me vote for her.(Unless her opponent is Sarah Palin...)
SURE WOULD!!
Would not even consider it. She would finish destroying this country.